# Dynamic Reverse Engineering of GUI Models for Testing

```JSON
@inproceedings{2,
   author = {Aho, P. and Räty, T. and Menz, N.},
   title = {Dynamic reverse engineering of GUI models for testing},
   booktitle = {2013 International Conference on Control, Decision and Information Technologies (CoDIT)},
   pages = {441-447},
   year = {2013},
   DOI = {10.1109/CoDIT.2013.6689585},
   type = {Conference Proceedings}
}
```

## 1 Introduction
CI makes GUI change often -> making it a challenge for test automation.

2013 -> Capture/replay tools are to this day the most popular GUI testing approaches [1].
MBT -> Model based testing
Dynamic reverse engineering -> 

## 2 Background and related work

A. Static approach: source code or other static representation of the system in analysed without executing.
**no static approaches were able to generate models suitabel for model-based GUI testing. ** 

B. Dynamic approach: system excuted and external behavior analyzed. [4,6]

GUI atomation -> simulating an end-user by automated control and interaction through the guid of an application. 

EIG Event Interaction Graph [18]
EFG Event Flow Grapsh [17]
-> nodes of EFG are event (GUI actions)

FSM Finite-state machine [19]

## 3 GUI Driving

MBGT Model based Gui Testing.
AUT Application under test
FSM Finate state model 

Create an FSM-Baed GUI model. can be transforms into GraphML, can then be used to generate test sequences (like GraphWalker). GUI driver can execute the path.

GUITAR, GUITAm. 

## 4 Empirical tool study

## 5 Classification of GUI components
GUI widgets have to be be classified. -> enables different ind of handling.

GUI controls: buttons, menu items
GUI options: radio button, check box, list, tree 
GUI input: text fields
GUI info: label, picture

## 6 Strategies form simulating user interactions

## References
1. K. Li and M. Wu "Effective GUI test automation: Developing an automated GUI testing tool" SYBEX Inc. Alameda CA 2004

2. M. Utting and B. Legeard "Practical model-based testing: A tools approach" Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc San Francisco CA USA 2006

3. T. Kanstrén "A framework for observation-based modelling in model-based testing" VTT Publications 727 Espoo Finland 2010

4. A. M. P. Grilo A. C. R. Paiva and J. P. Faria "Reverse engineering of GUI models for testing" 5th Iberian Conference on Information Systems and Technologies (CISTI) Santiago de Compostela Spain 2010

5. P. Aho N. Menz and T. Räty "Enhancing generated Java GUI models with valid test data" 2011 IEEE Conference on Open Systems (ICOS 2011) 25-28 September 2011 Langawi Malaysia

6. E. J. Chikofsky and J. H. Cross II "Reverse engineering and design recovery: A taxonomy " IEEE Software vol.7 no.1 pp. 13-17 Jan 1990

7. R. Kollmann P. Selonen E. Stroulia T. Systä and A. Zündorf "A study on the current state of the art in tool-supported UML-based static reverse engineering" Proceedings of the 9th Working Conference on Reverse Engineering (WCRE'02) IEEE Computer Society Washington DC USA 2002

8. T. Systä "Static and dynamic reverse engineering techniques for Java software systems" Acta Electronica Universitatis Tamperensis 30 Tampere Finland 2000

9. J. C. Silva C. C. Silva R. D. Gonçalo J. Saraiva and J. C. Campos "The GUISurfer tool: Towards a language independent approach to reverse engineering GUI code" Proceedings of the 2nd ACM SIGCHI symposium on Engineering interactive computing systems Berlin 2010 Germany pp. 181-186

10. S. Staiger "Reverse engineering of graphical user interfaces using static analyses" 14th Working Conference on Reverse Engineering Vancouver BC Canada 29-31 October 2007

11. Project Bauhaus web pages http://www.bauhaus-stuttgart.de/bauhaus (accessed 29 of Nov 2012

12. L.C. Briand Y. Labiche and J. Leduc "Towards the reverse engineering of UML sequence diagrams for distributed multithreaded Java software" Technical Report Carleton University (SCE-04-04) September 2004

13. H. Samir A. Kamel "Automated reverse engineering of Java graphical user interfaces for web migration" ITI 5th International Conference on Information and Communications Technology (ICICT) Cairo Egypt December 2007

14. A. M. Memon I. Banerjee and A. Nagarajan "GUI ripping: Reverse engineering of graphical user interfaces for testing" Proceedings of the 10th Working Conference on Reverse Engineering (WCRE '03). IEEE Computer Society Washington DC USA

15. A. M. Memon and Q. Xie "Studying the fault-detection effectiveness of GUI test cases for rapidly evolving software" IEEE Trans. Software Engineering vol. 31 no. 10 (October 2005) 884-896

16. A. M. Memon "An event-flow model of GUI-based applications for testing" Software Testing Verification &amp; Reliability Volume 17 Issue 3 (September 2007) pp. 137-157

17. The web pages of the GUITAR toolset http://guitar.sourceforge.net (accessed 29 of Nov 2012

18. Q. Xie and A. M. Memon "Rapid crash testing for continuously evolving GUI-based software applications" Proceedings of the 21st IEEE International Conference on Software Maintenance (ICSM '05) IEEE Computer Society Washington DC USA 473-482

19. Y. Miao and X. Yang "An FSM based GUI test automation model" 11th International Conference on Control Automation Robotics and Vision (ICARCV 2010) Singapore 7-10th December 2010

20. X. Yang Y. Miao and Y. Zhang "Model-driven GUI automation for efficient information exchange between heterogeneous electronic medical record systems" 19th International Conference on Information System Development (ISD) 25-27 August 2010 Prague Czech Republic

21. P. Aho N. Menz T. Räty and I. Schieferdecker "Automated Java GUI modeling for model-based testing purposes" 8th International Conference on Information Technology : New Generations (ITNG 2011) 11-13 April 2011 Las Vegas Nevada USA

22. The web pages of the GraphML file format http://graphml.graphdrawing.org/ (accessed 29 of Nov 2012

23. The web pages of GraphWalker open source model-based testing tool http://graphwalker.org/ (accessed 29 of Nov 2012

24. The web pages of TerpOffice calculator TerpCalc 4.0 http://www.cs.umd.edu/~atif/TerpOfficeWeb/TerpOfficeV4.0/TerpCa lc (accessed 29 of Nov 2012

25. The web pages of BuddyTalk instant messaging application http://sourceforge.net/projects/buddytalk (accessed 29 of Nov 2012

26. L. J. Wang A. S. M. Sajeev and L. Inchaiwong "A formal specification of interaction widgets hierarchy framework" Proceedings of the 3rd International Conference on Information Technology: New Generations IEEE Computer Society Washington DC USA 2006 pp.658-664.

27. L. J. Wang and A. S. M. Sajeev "Abstract interface specification languages for device-independent interface design: Classification analysis and challenges" 1st International Symposium on Pervasive Computing and Applications 3-5 August 2006 Urumchi Xinjiang China
