# Murphy Tools: Utilizing Extracted GUI Models for Industrial Software Testing

```JSON
@INPROCEEDINGS{6825683,  
    author={Aho, Pekka and Suarez, Matias and Kanstrén, Teemu and Memon, Atif M.},  
    booktitle={2014 IEEE Seventh International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation Workshops},
    title={Murphy Tools: Utilizing Extracted GUI Models for Industrial Software Testing},
    year={2014},
    volume={},
    number={},
    pages={343-348},
    doi={10.1109/ICSTW.2014.39}
}
```

## Introduction
GUIs consitute large part of software being devloped [1].
size/complexity modern GIU [2] further increase 

previous work in [5]

crashes and unhandled exception can be detected without using **application specific test oracles** [7]

using extracted models to derive GUI test scripts significantly reduced the amount of hand written code (releasted to test automation). do not need manually updated code. 

## Background and releated Work
A.
[8] capture/replay (CR) tools popular for automate GUI testing in the industry. 
|-> but difficult to detect failure [1]. Change in GUI means re-recorde [9]. With continue changing GUI due to rapid prototying CR tool increses a lot of maintenance effort.


MBT -> technique for deriving test cases 
Model-Based testing aims to reduce the test maintenance. [10]
it create smaller set of test models, instead of mallualy creating big one
if model describes correct behavior it can be used to generating test oracles and detecting incorrect behavior by looking for situations which violate the model [9]

B.
dynamic analyse (execute and observe) is better suited for extracting models but more difficult to automate [4].

tools for android applications [21]

C.
The abstract states of a state machine are used to 
verify the concrete states of the corresponding GUI application 
during the test case execution [2].

## Utilizing extracted GUI models in industrial software testing

Murphy tool is used


## Discussion and conclusion
Testing of the GUI begins already during the model extraction phase, as detecting directly detectable defects, such as crashes and unhandled exceptions, does not require application specific test oracles. Incorrect behavior and errors can be detected also when the extracted model is visually inspected and validated.

----------------------
Qs
[9] test oracle creation???

[9] J. Bowen and S. Reeves, "UI-design driven model-based testing", 

## References
1. A.M. Memon "Automatically repairing event sequence-based GUI test suites for regression testing" ACM Trans. on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM) Volume 18 No. 2 (Nov 2008) Article No. 4.

2. A.M. Memon "An event-flow model of GUI-based applications for testing" Software Testing Verification &amp; Reliability Vol. 17 No. 3 (Sep 2007) pp. 137-157. (Pubitemid 47354557)

3. G.Z. Holzmann and M.H. Smith "An Automated Verification Method for Distributed Systems Software Based on Model Extraction" IEEE Trans. on Software Eng. Vol. 28 No. 4 (Apr 2002) pp. 364-377. (Pubitemid 34550441)

4. A.M.P. Grilo A.C.R. Paiva and J.P. Faria "Reverse engineering of GUI models for testing" Proc. 2010 5th Iberian Conf. on Information Systems and Technologies (CISTI) 16-19 Jun 2010 Santiago de Compostela Spain pp. 1-6.

5. P. Aho M. Suarez T. Kanstren and A.M. Memon "Industrial adoption of automatically extracted GUI models for testing" Proc. Int. Workshop on Experiences and Empirical Studies in Software Modelling (EESSMod) 1 Oct 2013 Miami Florida USA pp. 49-54.

6. Dynamic Virtual Machine Provisioning Service https://github.com/F- Secure/dvmps

7. X. Yang "Graphic User Interface Modelling and Testing Automation" PhD thesis School of Engineering and Science Victoria University Melbourne Australia May 2011.

8. P. Aho N. Menz and T. Räty "Dynamic Reverse Engineering of GUI Models for Testing" Proc. Int. Conf. on Control Decision and Information Tech. 6-8 May 2013 Hammamet Tunisia pp. 441-447.

9. J. Bowen and S. Reeves "UI-design driven model-based testing" Innovations in Systems and Sw.Eng. Vol. 9 No. 3 (2013) pp 201-215.

10. M. Utting and B. Legeard "Practical model-based testing: a tools approach" Morgan Kaufmann Publishers San Francisco USA 2006.

11. T. Kanstrén "A framework for observation-based modelling in model-based testing" VTT Publications 727 Espoo Finland 2010.

12. C.E. Silva and J.C. Campos "Combining static and dynamic analysis for the reverse engineering of web applications" Proc. 5th ACM SIGCHI Symposium on Engineering Interactive Computing Systems (EICS) 24-27 Jun 2013 London UK pp. 107-112.

13. P. Aho N. Menz and T. Räty "Enhancing generated Java GUI models with valid test data" Proc. 2011 IEEE Conf. on Open Systems (ICOS) 25-28 Sep 2011 Langawi Malaysia pp. 310-315.

14. A. Kull "Automatic GUI Model Generation: State of the Art " Proc. 2012 IEEE 23rd Int. Symposium on Software Reliability Engineering Workshops (ISSREW) 27-30 Nov 2012 Dallas TX USA pp. 207-212.

15. A.M. Memon I. Banerjee B. Nguyen and B. Robbins "The First Decade of GUI Ripping: Extensions Applications and Broader Impacts" Proc. 20th Working Conf. on Reverse Engineering (WCRE) 14-17 Oct 2013 Koblenz Germany pp. 11-20.

16. Y. Miao and X. Yang "An FSM based GUI test automation model" Proc. 2010 11th Int. Conf. on Control Automation Robotics &amp; Vision (ICARCV) Singapore 7-10 Dec 2010 pp. 120-126.

17. A. Mesbah A. van Deursen and S. Lenselink "Crawling Ajax-based Web Applications through Dynamic Analysis of User Interface State Changes" ACM Trans. on the Web (TWEB) Vol. 6 No. 1 (2012).

18. P. Aho N. Menz T. Räty and I. Schieferdecker "Automated Java GUI Modeling for Model-Based Testing Purposes" Proc. 8th Int. Conf. on Information Technology : New Generations (ITNG) 11-13 Apr 2011 Las Vegas USA pp. 268-273.

19. I.Morgado A. Paiva and J. Faria "Dynamic Reverse Engineering of Graphical User Interfaces" Int. Journal on Advances in Software Vol. 5 No. 3 &amp; 4 (2012) pp. 224-246.

20. D. Amalfitano A. R. Fasolino A. Polcaro and P. Tramontana "The DynaRIA tool for the comprehension of Ajax web applications by dynamic analysis" Innovations in Systems and Sw. Eng. Apr 2013.

21. D. Amalfitano A.R. Fasolino P. Tramontana S. Carmine and G. Imparato "A Toolset for GUI Testing of Android Applications" Proc. 28th IEEE Int. Conf. on Software Maintenance (ICSM) 23-28 Sep 2012 Trento Italy pp. 650-653.

22. L. Mariani M. Pezzè O. Riganelli and M. Santoro "AutoBlackTest: Automatic Black-Box Testing of Interactive Applications" Proc. IEEE 5th Int. Conf. on Software Testing Verification and Validation (ICST) 17-21 Apr 2012 Montreal Canada pp. 81-90.

23. W. Yang M.R. Prasad and T. Xie "A grey-box approach for automated GUI-model generation of mobile applications" Proc. 16th Int. Conf. on Fundamental Approaches to Software Engineering (FASE) 16-24 Mar 2013 Rome Italy pp. 250-265.

24. T. Azim and I. Neamtiu "Targeted and Depth-first Exploration for Systematic Testing of Android Apps" Proc. 2013 Int. Conf. on Object-Oriented Programming Systems Languages &amp; Applications (OOPSLA) 26-31 Oct 2013 Indianapolis USA pp. 641-660.

25. F. Gross G. Fraser and A. Zeller "EXSYST: Search-Based GUI Testing" 2012 34th Int. Conf. on Software Engineering (ICSE) 2-9 Jun 2012 Zurich Switzerland pp. 1423-1426.

26. A.M. Memon "GUI Testing: Pitfalls and Process" Computer Vol. 35 No. 8 (Aug 2002) pp. 87-88 IEEE Computer Society.

27. J. Strecker and A.M. Memon "Accounting for Defect Characteristics in Evaluations of Testing Techniques" ACM Trans. on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM) Vol. 21 No. 3 (Jun 2012).

28. X. Yuan M. Cohen and A.M. Memon "GUI Interaction Testing: Incorporating Event Context" IEEE Trans. on Software Engineering Vol. 37 No. 4 (Jul-Aug 2011) pp. 559-574.

29. A. Mesbah A. van Deursen and D. Roest "Invariant-Based Automatic Testing of Modern Web Applications" IEEE Trans. on Software Engineering Vol. 38 No. 1 (Jan-Feb 2012) pp. 35-53.

30. B. Nguyen B. Robbins I. Banerjee and A.M. Memon "GUITAR: an innovative tool for automated testing of GUI-driven software" Automated Software Engineering Vol. 21 No. 1 (2013) pp. 65-105.

31. A.M. Memon and Q. Xie "Studying the fault-detection effectiveness of GUI test cases for rapidly evolving software" IEEE Trans. Software Engineering Vol. 31 No. 10 (Oct 2005) pp. 884-896. (Pubitemid 43065751)

32. Q. Xie and A.M. Memon "Rapid crash testing for continuously evolving GUI-based software applications" Proc. 21st Int. Conf. on Software Maintenance (ICSM) 25-30 Sep 2005 Budapest Hungary pp. 473-482.
